[docs] MCP access (#55775)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/mcp-access/mcp-access.mdx

---
title: MCP Servers
description: Guides to protecting MCP servers with Teleport
---

Teleport can provide secure connections to your MCP (Model Context Protocol)
servers while improving both access control and visibility.

![Architecture diagram for enrolling MCP servers with Teleport](../../../img/mcp-access/architecture-stdio.svg)

> Teleport protects MCP servers through the Teleport Application Service, which is
> a Teleport Agent service. For more information on agent services, read [Teleport
> Agent Architecture](../../reference/architecture/agents.mdx). You can also learn
> how to deploy a [pool of Teleport Agents](../agents/agents.mdx) to run multiple
> agent services.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph will only confuse the user who just wants to get things working, I'd consider removing it.
```suggestion
```

## Getting started

> - [Protect a MCP Server with Teleport](./getting-started.mdx): Provides instructions to set up a Teleport Service and enable secure access to a MCP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Quick-start with demo MCP server](./getting-started.mdx): Provides instructions to set up a Teleport Service and enable secure access to a demo MCP server.
```

## Guides
- [MCP Access with Stdio MCP Server](./stdio.mdx): Set up a Teleport Service and enable secure access to a MCP server with stdio transport.

> - Configure MCP clients (link to be added from Gabriel's PR)

Reviewer 2: Add link? 😉

Author: linter doesn't like broken links, i can wait for Gabriel's PR and update here

Reviewer 2: All right, we should probably wait before merging the PR then.
